README.md, before:

# GitHub Wiki Template

Repository template to manage a GitHub wiki that is synchronized with a GitHub project.\
This wiki is synchronized with the [project-repo-template](https://github.com/mhatzl/project-repo-template).

The structure is loosely related to the [arc42 documentation](https://docs.arc42.org/home/).\
To create system models, you should take a look at [C4](https://c4model.com/), and the related [Structurizr DSL](https://structurizr.com/).

This template is tailored to GitHub repositories, but the core concepts work for any project using a version control system.

## Wiki Pages

GitHub Wiki only considers files, and ignores any hierarchy set via folders.
This enforces that every filename is unique in the entire wiki.

This template is structured in a way to group related files, and enforce an order to first show more important pages on the wiki.

## Template Placeholders

In this template, many sections include placeholder text to provide some guidance of what the section should be about.
These placeholders are inside `{{ }}` blocks.

Some sections also include example content that is given inside `[[ ]]` blocks.

## GitHub Actions

This template contains the following GitHub actions:

- `auto-lock-prs` ... Used to lock PRs once they are closed
- `cla` ... Handles contributor license agreements with new contributors

# License

MIT Licensed

Commit message:

ci: add wiki sync workflow

README.md, after:

# GitHub Wiki Template

Repository template to manage a GitHub wiki that is synchronized with a GitHub project.\
This wiki is synchronized with the [project-repo-template](https://github.com/mhatzl/project-repo-template).

The structure is loosely related to the [arc42 documentation](https://docs.arc42.org/home/).\
To create system models, you should take a look at [C4](https://c4model.com/), and the related [Structurizr DSL](https://structurizr.com/).

This template is tailored to GitHub repositories, but the core concepts work for any project using a version control system.

## Wiki Pages

GitHub wiki only considers files, and ignores any hierarchy set via folders.
This enforces that every filename is unique in the entire wiki.

This template is structured in a way to group related files, and enforce an order to first show more important pages on the wiki.

## Template Placeholders

In this template, many sections include placeholder text to provide some guidance of what the section should be about.
These placeholders are inside `{{ }}` blocks.

Some sections also include example content that is given inside `[[ ]]` blocks.

## Synchronize Repository and Wiki

Every GitHub wiki has its own git repository, with the link to it shown on the sidebar of the wiki.
This setup allows edits directly in the wiki section of a project, but makes it hard to encourage external contributions, because the common PR workflow is not available.\
Therefore, this template should be placed in its own repository, and synchronize changes to the internal repository of the project wiki.
Since the wiki is shown in the project repository, issues should still be handled in the project repository, because users would expect this.
To enforce this, the *issue* tab is deactivated in this template. More precisely, every feature except PRs was disabled, to make it clear that everything except PRs should be handled in the project repository.

## GitHub Actions

This template contains the following GitHub actions:

- `auto-lock-prs` ... Used to lock PRs once they are closed
- `cla` ... Handles contributor license agreements with new contributors

# License

MIT Licensed
